chore(README.md): reflect recent architecture changes (#19051)
camunda/camunda: README.md

# Camunda 8 orchestrates complex business processes that span people, systems, and devices

[![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.camunda.zeebe/camunda-zeebe/badge.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.camunda.zeebe/camunda-zeebe)

Camunda 8 delivers scalable, on-demand process automation as a service. Camunda 8 is combined with powerful execution engines for BPMN processes and DMN decisions, and paired with tools for collaborative modeling, operations, and analytics.

> Camunda 8 consists of six components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Camunda 8 consists of several components:
```

> * [Console](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/console/introduction-to-console/) - Configure and deploy clusters with Console.
> * [Web Modeler](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/modeler/about-modeler/) - Collaborate, model processes, and deploy or start new instances.
> * [Zeebe](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/zeebe/zeebe-overview/) - The cloud-native process engine of Camunda 8.
> * [Tasklist](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/tasklist/introduction-to-tasklist/) - Complete tasks which require human input.
> * [Operate](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/operate/operate-introduction/) - Manage, monitor, and troubleshoot your processes.
> * [Optimize](https://docs.camunda.io/optimize/components/what-is-optimize/) - Improve your processes by identifying constraints in your system.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Console](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/console/introduction-to-console/) - Configure and deploy clusters with Console.
* Modelers 
  * [Web Modeler](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/modeler/about-modeler/) - Web Application to model BPMN, DMN, & Forms and deploy or start new instances.
  * [Desktop Modeler](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/next/components/modeler/desktop-modeler/) - Use Desktop Modeler as desktop application for modeling BPMN, DMN, and Forms with your local process application project.
* [Zeebe](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/zeebe/zeebe-overview/) - The cloud-native process engine of Camunda 8.
* [Tasklist](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/tasklist/introduction-to-tasklist/) - Complete tasks which require human input.
* [Operate](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/operate/operate-introduction/) - Manage, monitor, and troubleshoot your processes.
* [Optimize](https://docs.camunda.io/optimize/components/what-is-optimize/) - Improve your processes by identifying constraints in your system.
* [Connectors](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/next/components/connectors/introduction-to-connectors/) - Integrate with an external system by using a Connector.

```

# Camunda 8 orchestrates complex business processes that span people, systems, and devices

[![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.camunda.zeebe/camunda-zeebe/badge.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/io.camunda.zeebe/camunda-zeebe)

Camunda 8 delivers scalable, on-demand process automation as a service. Camunda 8 is combined with powerful execution engines for BPMN processes and DMN decisions, and paired with tools for collaborative modeling, operations, and analytics.

> Camunda 8 consists of several components:
> 
> * [Console](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/console/introduction-to-console/) - Configure and deploy clusters with Console.
> * Modelers 
>   * [Web Modeler](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/modeler/about-modeler/) - Web Application to model BPMN, DMN, & Forms and deploy or start new instances.
>   * [Desktop Modeler](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/next/components/modeler/desktop-modeler/) - Use Desktop Modeler as desktop application for modeling BPMN, DMN, and Forms with your local process application project.
> * [Zeebe](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/zeebe/zeebe-overview/) - The cloud-native process engine of Camunda 8.
> * [Tasklist](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/tasklist/introduction-to-tasklist/) - Complete tasks which require human input.
> * [Operate](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/operate/operate-introduction/) - Manage, monitor, and troubleshoot your processes.
> * [Optimize](https://docs.camunda.io/optimize/components/what-is-optimize/) - Improve your processes by identifying constraints in your system.
> * [Connectors](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/next/components/connectors/introduction-to-connectors/) - Integrate with an external system by using a Connector.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains the core execution cluster components of Camunda 8 being:

* [Zeebe](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/zeebe/zeebe-overview/) - The cloud-native process engine of Camunda 8.
* [Tasklist](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/tasklist/introduction-to-tasklist/) - Complete tasks which require human input.
* [Operate](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/operate/operate-introduction/) - Manage, monitor, and troubleshoot your processes.
* [Optimize](https://docs.camunda.io/optimize/components/what-is-optimize/) - Improve your processes by identifying constraints in your system.

Next to the core execution cluster components, the Camunda 8 stack also includes:

* [Console](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/console/introduction-to-console/) - Configure and deploy clusters with Console.
* Modelers 
  * [Web Modeler](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/modeler/about-modeler/) - Web Application to model BPMN, DMN, & Forms and deploy or start new instances.
  * [Desktop Modeler](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/next/components/modeler/desktop-modeler/) - Use Desktop Modeler as desktop application for modeling BPMN, DMN, and Forms with your local process application project.
* [Connectors](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/next/components/connectors/introduction-to-connectors/) - Integrate with an external system by using a Connector.

```

Author: @MaxTru Would you then suggest linking to the repos for these components that aren't in the monorepo? Or continue to link to the documentation?

Reviewer: I would continue to link to docs (as-is)
